Encourage Encouraged Encouraged
He encourages others We encourage
teamwork They have encouraged creativity
Establish Established Established
You establish rules They established
contact We have established traditions
Hate Hated Hated She hates lies We hated
waiting They have hated injustice
Identify Identified Identified We
identify problems They identified the
suspect You have identified opportunities
Increase Increased Increased Prices
increase yearly Costs increased suddenly
Demand has increased steadily Indicate
Indicated Indicated Signs indicate danger
She indicated left
The data has indicated trends Involve
Involved Involved Involved We involve
teammates They involved experts
He has involved stakeholders Open Opened Opened
You open doors We opened the window They
have opened many books Perform Performed
Performed He performs daily We performed
yesterday They have performed
internationally Propose Proposed Proposed
We propose solutions
She proposed changes
You have proposed ideas Receive Received Received
They receive mail
We received a package He has received
awards Reject Rejected Rejected
She rejects excuses We rejected the offer
They have rejected proposals Shuf Cliffs
He Rejected So Eh He Hop